server: use reusability more, reuse introspection queries less (fix #4547) (#4661)
hasura/graphql-engine: CHANGELOG.md

(Add entries here in the order of: server, console, cli, docs, others)
- server: compile with GHC 8.10.1, closing a space leak with subscriptions. (close #4517) (#3388)

> - server: avoid an error when calling a cached introspection query (fix #4547)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- server: fixes an issue where introspection queries with variables would fail because of caching (fix #4547)
```

per @0x777
